{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2476
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh14820\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 What we are proud of
\f1\b0 \
\

\fs36 We really like the overall design/structure of the website. \
\
We especially like the hamburger menu we managed to make for mobile-devices with css only.\
\
The fact that we managed to make each \'93page\'94 cover the whole screen. \
\

\f0\b\fs48 What we struggled with
\f1\b0\fs36  \
\
Positioning of elements on each \'93page\'94. \
	- should they be centred or not\
	- didn\'92t want it too much on the side and not too much on the center. Each page felt empty if 	  put too much to the side.\
	- We have used flex box and we had some struggles using that.\
		- Example entering of the meny\
\
Still unsure about the \'93om oss\'94 and \'93meny\'94 page.\
\
We are still in the process of adding more background-images to the site\
\
The linking doesn\'92t work properly yet. We are thinking about making anchor elements for it to work properly.
\fs48 \
\

\f0\b Questions for the audience
\f1\b0 \
\

\fs36 How can we improve the \'93meny\'94 section? \
	- Inside the cafe/bar they have a chalkboard where they write 	  the menu, could that be a cool thing to add? (A chalkboard menu)\
\
We feel the \'93om oss\'94 section is very boring to look at since right now it\'92s only text. Do you have any thoughts on how it can be improved?\
\
Does the image on the front-page distract you from the text? Hard to read etc..\
	- Should it be blurred out more?\
	- Reduce the hue?\
\
Even though we follow \'93Diskuterbar\'92s\'94 color palette, do you think the colours are a good match?\
\
\
}